hey this is Jake at ultimate motors and
I have a really cool bike for all you
retro motorcycle enthusiasts out there
this is a 2011 Royal Enfield Bullet 500
classic it's a g5 model this bike is
about as cool as they come you get a
really cool retro design however it has
modern technology so you get the peace
of mind and the reliability of a new
motorcycle in a classic package this
bike has a really nice deep red pearl
paint with cream on the tank with gold
outline it has the cool vintage style
fender stays and color keyed Forks has
the cool tank pads for your knees it's
very vintage design also has quite a few
accessories has an aftermarket
windshield it has a cool chrome voltage
meter for your battery has LED lights on
there chrome handlebar grips has custom
chrome motor guards with integrated
highway foot pegs
that's really nice GV saddlebags on here
these are a locking bag so it does come
with the key plenty of storage inside
and also you can use the same key these
bags have handles on them they're a
quick release you can remove them off
the motorcycle take them inside so
they're not permanently affixed it's
really really nice especially if you're
doing traveling and things like that and
on this bike you could surely do it
what's awesome about this you can own a
vintage style motorcycle and not have
the headache and worry that you would
with a 50 year old bike this is a 500 cc
single-cylinder and what makes it even
better than most is fuel-injected
you can hear the fuel pump kick on there
I'll start it up
one push of the button that starts right
up it'll do it cold weather hot weather
there's no joke to mess with bike has a
really cool vintage single cylinder
sound the fuel injection is great to get
an awesome throttle response
it's awesome
bike runs and rides like new nothing at
all it's really like new the tires are
like new the paint the chrome it only
has 70 miles on it to top everything off
it is actually priced as a value select
buy here at ultimate motors what that
means is it comes with a one-year
unlimited mileage warranty with
nationwide and Canadian service so
within the purchase price you're going
to get a one-year warranty
you don't have to worry about anything
at all the bikes gonna be ready to go
and you have the comfort of a warranty
behind it we do also ship worldwide so
if you cannot pick it up here locally in
Footwear Texas don't worry we use
enclosed carriers we'll get it right to
your door and like all motorcycles we
sell and our huge inventory at ultimate
motors everything is priced at $49.99 on
two wheels